it was your grandfather's last wish
and grandpa's dead and if I marry Jack
I'll be dead too honey
you know we support you
but I won't have you talking about your grandfather
that way
I'm sorry it's just
I wish I could show you guys
show us what that Jack isn't who he seems to be
he doesn't love me and he doesn't love you guys
he's just trying to marry me for our money
and then once he has it he's just gonna sweetheart
sweetheart sweetheart calm down
it's Jack
hey
babe hi baby
how's the venue you haven't texted me about it
it was okay just okay
hmm it's fine
we'll find some place better
I'm sorry I couldn't go with you
I'm just so caught up in work
yeah it's fine
where are you just heading to a meeting
let me come back
love
you
Jack is cheating on me with Connie
what Connie
yes Connie Rose my little cousin
just give me a month and I'll prove it
and don't worry I'm still getting married
just not to Jack